[President Reagan]
Air and naval forces
of the United States
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities...
[Reporter]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[Reagan]
He has sanctioned
acts of terror
in Africa, Europe,
the Middle East.
[President George H.W. Bush]
This will not stand, this
aggression against, uh, Kuwait.
[Reagan]
This relentless pursuit
of terror.
[President George W. Bush]
We will make no distinction...
[Reporter]
The USS Cole was attacked
while refueling in
the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next samba
we're going to swing for you
is one of the good old
favorites.
...until something stops him.
[Carrie] I'm just making sure
we don't get hit again.
[Man] That plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
Thousands of people running.
We must and we will remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[speaking Arabic]
[Saul]
What the fuck are you doing?
God!
[Carrie] Fuck! I missed
something once before.
I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
[Saul]
It was ten years ago.
Everyone missed something
that day.
[Carrie]
Everyone's not me.
Previously on Homeland...
Listen, Jessica,
about last night...
Hey, I loved last night.
I felt happier
than I felt in a long time.
Who does know the plan
to attack America?
Roya Hammad.
She's at a window counter
with her camera crew.
If that's the device,
it's at least 200 pounds.
Tac one, Tac two, Tac three,
move now. Over.
[tires screeching]
FBI!
Show your hands!
[Carrie]
It's not him.
It's not Abu Nazir.
[Estes over radio]
Stand down. We still need him.
I say again,
stand down.
What the hell
are you doing here?
[Adal]
Peter, Quinn is one of mine.
Why would
Estes put a
off-the-book
black ops guy in charge
of a straight-up
intelligence operation?
He just asked for a soldier.
Soldiers kill people.
Carrie's been in accident--
DC police found her car
on 17th Street all smashed up--
it was broadsided.
Is she hurt?
They can't find her.
What the fuck
have you done to Carrie?
If you want to help her, you
will do exactly as I tell you.
Walden has a bad heart.
His pacemaker can be
accessed wirelessly.
Send me the number,
or I will kill her.
[groaning]
Call a doctor.
I'm killing you.
Saul, it's Carrie.
Carrie, where the fuck are you?
Abu Nazir is in
an abandoned mill.
We'll find you. Stay put.
Do not go after Nazir.
Saul Berenson?
Yes.
You're wanted upstairs.
I'm on my way
to catch a terrorist.
What could be
more important than that?
They didn't say.
[breathing heavily]
[exhales]
[footsteps nearby]
[grunts, clattering]
[breathing heavily]
[Man distantly]
Show your hands!
[Quinn normal] Lower your
weapons-- she's with us!
[Man]
All right, leaders on me.
Stand down,
weapons set.
Carrie?
He was there.
He was right in front of me,
we go to go get him.
We will, but
you stay here.
Bravo team, sir.
Make entry.
Alpha team!
We're on it.
Secure the perimeter.
[Man] Alpha team, move in!
Carrie...
I'm taking you
to the medic.
N-No.
It's not for discussion;
you're shaking.
He was right in front of me.
I-I don't know
how I lost him.
You sure it was Nazir?
Yeah.
I followed him into the tunnels
right after I called Saul.
From where?
Uh...
somewhere here, right...
right by where he
was holding me.
By a road.
Close by, then?
Yeah. I-I wasn't
below ground that long.
How did you get away?
I escaped.
How?
I was lucky.
[gasping breath]
I-I'm freezing.
Come on.
Where's Saul?
He's stuck at Langley.
Probably tied up with the
vice president situation.
What situation?
Oh, right,
you missed it.
Walden died.
How?
Heart attack, in his house.
Apparently,
his pacemaker malfunctioned.
So sit, do whatever
this guy tells you.
I'll be right back,
hopefully with Nazir, okay?
[Jessica]
Can't sleep?
Me, either.
I spoke to Cynthia.
How's she holding up?
Barely.
Whatever else,
they were married for 30 years.
She said she was glad
you were with him
when he died.
It's all changed, hasn't it?
Now that Bill's gone.
Well, I'm not
gonna be vice president,
if that's what you mean.
That's not what I meant.
I mean, it's all changed.
Everything.
I keep asking myself
how we even got here.
Things just happened.
Opportunities they seem like.
We just went along,
one thing to the next.
I think maybe this is a time
to stop and think.
[sighs]
What is it?
Just tell me.
[phone buzzing]
[phone continues buzzing]
I think I should
probably...
Yeah.
Hello?
It's me.
So you're okay?
Yeah.
[sighs]
Where are you?
Near where he had me.
They're looking for him.
Who is?
Everyone.
Nearly half a dozen Tac teams.
There's no way out;
we'll get him this time.
Quinn already asked me, uh...
how I got away.
What did you tell him?
That I escaped.
Good.
But what's Nazir gonna say
when we get him?
-It doesn't matter.
-It does.
[whispers]
Walden's dead.
Look... all that
matters to me right now
is that you're safe.
I got to go.
[sighs]
Larry.
Saul.
So this is what
Estes is up to.
-What's that?
-This. You.
-A polygraph.
-Calm down.
Which he's using for one reason:
to keep me locked away
in a room.
-I wouldn't know.
-You do know;
I just told you.
Saul... we all
agree to this.
Section 17-dot-three of
your employment contract.
Fine.
You really have
to calm down.
Why the fuck should I?
You'll fail the test.
Fail the test?
What is this, middle school?
Of course I'm gonna
fail the test.
The test is a goddamn farce.
Not to Estes it's not.
He seemed very
serious about it.
Could you
stand up for me?
Mm-hmm.
Just hold that there.
So, what's the pretext?
-What do you mean?
-I mean, what are you even
gonna ask me about?
Company vehicles?
Excessive use
of office supplies?
I'm just here
to set up the machine.
[door opens]
He'll be asking
all the questions.
Who the fuck are you?
[Newswoman]
He was Director of the CIA
for three and a half
tumultuous years
before being elected
vice president.
Walden attended Notre Dame,
where he was
-an All-American running back.
-Vice President
of the United States--
you'd think they could find
something more vivid to say
than he played football
in college.
Tac teams completed
the initial sweep-- no Nazir.
That's not possible.
I was right on his heels.
I know. But I think
we've got to concede
that he might have
gotten out of here.
We've got two members
of Nazir's network
back at Langley
waiting to be interrogated.
You really think
he got out of here
past all of this?
I'm saying it
looks that way.
Then he had help;
he must have.
-From whom?
-Well, why
did we put
this operation off grid
in the first place?
-Because we've had leaks
all along the way.
-So you think
one of our people
is working against us?
-What, you have
another explanation?
-Yeah, Nazir
-got away before
we even got here.
-I told you,
he was right there!
I heard him!
Okay, we'll take
another look.
Hey, guys, let's go.
We're going back in.
Let's try again.
[clears throat]
-Is your name
Saul Berenson?
-Yes.
Are you sometimes
called "The Bear"?
Fuckin' hope not.
No.
Are you presently
in Alabama?
No.
Do you intend
to answer truthfully
here today?
[sighs]
Do you intend to answer
truthfully here today?
Yes.
I'd prefer this
not take all night.
See, I think you'd
prefer that it did.
Are you acquainted
with Aileen Morgan?
Yes.
I was.
-Are you aware that
she killed herself?
-Yes.
Were you with Aileen
when she died?
Yes.
Was Aileen a terrorist?
She said she was.
-Yes or no.
-Yes.
Do you live on Tripoli Lane?
No.
Did you provide the weapon
Aileen Morgan used
to kill herself?
What?
Answer the question.
Is that what this is about?
I provided the weapon?
Did you provide the weapon
-Aileen Morgan used
to kill herself?
-You tell Estes
no matter how many bullshit
charges he trumps up,
I'm onto him.
He wants to frame me
for her death?
Go ahead, try.
You know what this
is really about?
Do you?
A plan to assassinate
a U.S. Congressman
the second Abu Nazir
is out of the picture.
Why don't you ask me
a few questions about that?
Did you provide the weapon
Aileen Morgan used
to kill herself?
[Carrie]
...five, six, seven.
Okay, who else?
A team is eight members, right?
Yes.
Could you join us, please?
Over here?
Okay, so who was responsible for
directing the actual search?
Carrie...
Excuse me, please.
What are you doing?
I want to talk to the people
who cleared the tunnel.
-Talk to them?
-To ask them
a few questions.
Like what? If they're working
for the other side?
-They are all
ex-military.
-So?
So you do not want to be
questioning their loyalty
on a hunch.
I told you, if Nazir got away
someone must have helped him.
These guys work in pairs,
you know that right?
So do you want to explain
to me how one of them is
helping Nazir while his buddy's
looking over his shoulder?
Or is it more than one?
Or all of them? Or one big
conspiracy?
Who was there from our side?
Who was directing the search?
Which of our people?
Me.
[sighs]
Who else?
Does that mean
you trust me?
Who else?
Galvez.
Uh, Danny Galvez.
Where is he?
I'll poll security.
Galvez-- does it even
make sense?
I don't know. I...
He took a bullet
in the tailor shop.
Well, Nazir has a history
of sacrificing his own people.
Did he even have
access? The leaks
over the past year,
does Galvez make sense?
It might.
[sighs]
What?
He is a Muslim.
[Man]
Galvez cleared
security
at main gate two minutes ago.
He's driving north.
He has Nazir.
Shut the outer perimeter.
I want that car stopped now.
-Bravo team, with us!
-Bravo, mount up.
[siren wailing]
[Man] Eagle, this is Unit Four.
We have target vehicle in sight.
[over radio]
Approaching blockade
and counting five.
[indistinct radio transmission]
[siren wailing]
Put your hands on the wheel
where we can see them!
Do not move!
[Carrie]
Can you see him? Nazir?
[Quinn]
Not yet.
-Is he armed?
-Can't tell.
Let's get them
out of there.
Let's go!
Out of the car.
[grunts]
What the?
On the ground.
Get down. Now.
[grunting]
[Galvez]
Carrie.
What are you doing?
[Carrie]
Shut up.
No weapons. He's clean.
Clear!
There's no one else
in the vehicle!
Where is he?
[groans]
Goddamn it, Danny,
where did you take him?
Who?
Abu Nazir, where is he?
[Quinn]
Carrie.
Tell me!
[Quinn] Carrie!
He's bleeding.
My stitches ripped open.
I was going to the hospital.
All right, let him up.
[Man] Yes, sir.
[Galvez groaning]
Let's get a medic.
Ah, Jesus.
[Galvez groaning, panting]
[Carrie sighs]
Morning.
[scoffs]
You have any idea
where your mother is?
[scoffs]
Probably in the
bathroom crying.
I mean, if last night
is any indication.
[pours cereal]
[sighs]
Here, take mine.
-No, thanks.
-I didn't touch it.
Yeah, well, I'm not
going to either.
You know, there's a 7-Eleven
half a block away.
They have milk.
It's too bad we can't go there.
Want to tell me
what's bugging you?
Nothing is
"bugging me." I just want
to go to school.
Most parents would be thrilled.
I thought we were doing better.
Yeah, well, I guess not.
I swear to God, if I have
to listen to another
minute of Kuma War,
I am going to kill someone.
[game stops]
-Dad!
-Dana.
What are we doing here?
Could someone please
tell me that?
-I told you.
-Yeah, you told me
something that did not
make any sense.
[door opens]
[door closes]
I got more milk.
They actually let you leave?
Major Mendez
got it for me.
[Brody]
Okay now? Dana?
Why? What's wrong?
[Dana]
Nothing.
Oh, fuck!
[Jessica]
Dana.
This is leaking.
It's disgusting!
-Oh!
-I am so sick
-of this!
-Dana.
What are we
even doing here?!
-We're only here a while longer.
-Why are
you even here?!
Why do you
not just go
live with that crazy woman
and leave us alone!
[Jessica] Hey.
[Chris]
No, Dana, shut up!
We're better off with Mike,
all of us.
He has been
a better father to us
than you ever were!
[Jessica]
I don't think
we should be making any
decisions right now.
[Dana]
Yeah.
Any of us.
We need to just stop.
Until we get home.
To our house.
And then we'll figure
everything out.
[sighs]
[Quinn]
You can't blame yourself.
-Sure.
-If communication
had been better,
we would've known Galvez was
on his way to the hospital.
[Estes]
Hey.
I heard about
the ugliness out there.
It was my fault.
It's done.
So, where are we now?
I just want to get Nazir.
Excuse me, I've waited
two days to wash my face.
I'm, uh, having Roya Hammad
moved to Interrogation B
like you asked.
Good. We'll get on her.
Not "we."
I want you to question her.
Well, Carrie knows more
about her network.
Agreed, but...
Nazir could be anywhere.
We're not gonna find him
without some help.
We need to take
our best shot at this,
and after what Carrie's
just pulled,
I doubt that's her.
Okay.
Let me know how it goes.
[door opens]
[moans]
[hisses]
[sighs]
[softly]
Oh, God.
[sighs]
[gasps]
[exhales]
[sniffles]
[sighs]
[chains clanking]
[beep]
[door closes]
[Carrie]
I spent an afternoon
with him.
Abu Nazir.
He put a gun to my head
and came very close
to pulling the trigger.
He did this to me, and, uh,
he did this.
[scoffs]
He was surprisingly frank.
He told me it
would take centuries
to defeat the
unbelievers, and
he didn't care how many
casualties there would be.
On either side,
how many people died...
it's of no concern.
I think that's him.
Not you.
You were a student
and then a reporter, but
you were never a soldier.
You've never been there,
at ground zero,
when the bomb goes off,
knowing all that
death is on you.
The naval base attack
would have been the first time.
300 men and women coming home.
Their families
waiting for them.
Their children.
All just...
blown to pieces.
But it didn't happen.
[sighs]
And now you have
a second chance.
Take it.
Because I think there's
some part of you
that's relieved that
bomb never went off.
Shit.
[Carrie over speaker]
Roya,
what he does,
which is kill innocent people...
it's justified
by a future which...
[sighs]
...for the life of me I can't
believe you actually want.
How could you know what I want?
I know it's not that.
I-I understand that this is
personal for you.
That your family lost
land to the occupation.
That your grandfather
was killed.
But Nazir can't
change that.
His only answer
is perpetual war.
[sighs]
Roya.
Have you ever...
have you ever
had someone who
somehow...
takes over your life,
pulls you in...
gets you to do things
that aren't really you?
That you know are wrong...
but you can't
help yourself?
Do you have anyone like that?
Yes.
Well...
I've never been that stupid.
You idiot whore,
you think you
understand me?!
Or what my family,
have lost and suffered?!
You think this is just
some fucking game?
Nazir's not afraid of you,
I'm not.
I don't need your help,
I don't want it.
[speaks Arabic]
[continues in Arabic]
I'm gonna have
someone take you home.
-No.
-I'm not asking.
You've been up
for a day and a half.
I fucked it up in there.
Our chance to get
Nazir. Fuck.
We'll see.
Go home and get
some rest, okay?
I'm gonna deal with Roya
and I'll keep you posted.
Nothing's gonna happen
without you, I promise.
Thanks for getting this done
so quickly.
My pleasure.
How'd it go?
It's all there,
everything you wanted.
I quizzed him on the main
topics we discussed.
The illegal surveillance
of Sergeant Brody,
the death of Aileen Morgan,
general insubordination.
Plus a couple of detours
I found along the way.
So we're done.
You've got enough there
to do what you want.
You can fire him, tie him up
in administrative proceedings
for the next decade, refer him
to harsher interrogations.
I'm hoping none of that
will be necessary.
Yeah, sure,
goes without saying.
Funny detail, though.
He went on
this crazy rant
about an assassination plot
against a U.S. Congressman.
The machine said he was
telling the truth.
I'm calling it
an anomaly.
Thought it was best
to leave it out.
[exhales]
[horn honks]
[horn blaring]
[horn blares]
[phone ringing]
You home yet?
[Carrie]
I'm not going home.
Carrie...
Listen to me.
Something Roya said
was bothering me.
She said Nazir wouldn't run.
From you, she said.
[speaks Arabic]
From me, from whomever,
it means run, literally.
Not back down, not be afraid of.
Run. As in movement.
What if Nazir didn't run
and we're looking in
all the wrong places.
So what are the right place?
Back in the tunnels.
Nazir never left.
-We searched the tunnels.
-I know.
With multiple teams.
If Nazir was hiding in there,
we'd have found him.
This has happened before.
His just vanishing right under
our noses like a magic trick.
I'm heading back there.
Quinn, I'm heading back.
I'll be there soon.
Where is everyone?
All done.
Where are the Tac teams?
Them, too.
Left a while ago.
There might be one
crew still here,
over behind that building.
Stay here.
Don't go anywhere.
Don't let anyone else leave!
Stop! Stop!
[tires screeching]
Thank God.
-What is it?
-We need to sweep the tunnels.
-We did.
-One last time.
Ma'am, we've been
called back to Langley.
Tell Peter Quinn. He'll give you
whatever authorization you need.
Please. Our target,
I think he's still here.
The results
of your polygraph session.
Open it, take a look.
I don't need to.
I know what's in there.
I also know why you did it.
And why's that?
Because I was right...
you're planning a hit on Brody.
You want me out
of the way
where I can't interfere.
So you trumped that up.
There's nothing trumped up
there, Saul.
That's a product
of standard agency
procedures.
Fuck you.
How you going
to do, huh?
How you going to do
on the polygraph when they ask
if you ever executed
a member of Congress?
We both know what Brody is, and
congressman is the least of it.
We have a deal with him.
We don't make deals
with terrorists,
and if he's confused about that,
or you are,
that's not my problem.
What is my problem is the way
you continually undermine me.
I can't allow it.
You're through here.
I want you gone.
What the official story is,
that's up to you,
but I will use this...
to tie you up
in hearing after hearing
for the rest
of your natural life
if I have to.
You think about that.
[door closes]
Mind if I ask?
What happened
to your face?
This guy we're looking for--
he did that.
You're the one
he held hostage.
Yeah.
Why you?
[sighs]
What is it?
This wall right here.
What about it?
These conduits are passing
right through it.
Yeah.
At ceiling height,
like there's a room back there.
There's something back there.
Let's see.
[metallic scraping]
Holy shit.
You're right, he was here.
No more, though.
He can't be far.
Bravo, come in.
[static crackles over comm unit]
Bravo, you there?
Fuck.
-I'll get them.
-Yeah, go.
[man grunts]
[thud]
[grunting]
Help!
He's here, he's here!
Help, he's here!
He's here!
[panting]
Help!
[gasps]
[both grunting]
[Tac Team Member]
Movement up ahead.
Stay down.
Who's got eyes on him?
I got him, I got him.
Do not move.
[gunshots]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[panting]
[indistinct radio transmission]
Good work.
I'm told he would have gotten
away again if not for you.
Not just me.
Oh, well, you were
the one always had
a sixth sense about him.
The president will be
thanking the agency
at a press conference
within the hour.
It's a big day.
For all of us.
You must be very happy.
Excuse me.
[sighs]
[sniffles]
[sniffling]
They're moving the Brody
family back to their house.
Their security detail will be
dismantled within the hour.
So it's a go?
Yes.
It'll be risky now.
Everyone will be
looking to Brody
for a sound bite
about Abu Nazir.
I'd still like it handled
as soon as possible.
It'll look like blowback
for us getting Nazir.
[indistinct radio transmission]
[sighs]
[footsteps approaching]
Brody.
Is there something wrong?
[Mendez]
Not at all.
I told Mrs. Brody,
we were just notified
that Abu Nazir
has been killed.
[Chris]
It's good news, right?
[gasps]
[Dana]
Dad?
Brody?
[crying]
[sniffles]
[sighs]
Yeah.
[Mendez]
You're all safe
now, Congressman.
Yeah, of course.
You can all
go home.
[Dana]
Never in my life
have I been
so happy to be home.
[Chris]
I kind of miss that place.
[Dana scoffs]
You would.
They made your
bed for you.
That was mom, you moron.
Really?
I guess it's time
to say good-bye to Major Mendez.
Hi.
So, this is it.
We're all set.
[Mendez]
Okay.
[Jessica]
Thank you very much.
Okay.
[door opening]
[door closing]
You coming?
[car door opening]
Brody?
I can't.
[sighs]
I don't want to fight any more.
Even for something.
I'm tired of fighting.
Me, too.
We were okay for so long.
You know?
Since we were 16,
and all we wanted was
to be together,
we were so okay.
I know.
Was it Mike?
-No.
-Because...
No, it wasn't.
You know that.
I tried, Brody.
[sighs]
I really tried.
I just keep wishing
that I'd been bigger somehow,
able to give you...
what you needed to be okay again
after you got back,
but I couldn't.
You did fine.
It was just... beyond me.
Jess...
[sighs]
There was nothing
anyone could have done.
Even me.
Because I tried, too.
To deal with everything
that happened.
But th...
that was beyond me.
I was fucked when
I left for Iraq.
We all were.
[sniffles]
The time Carrie came...
came over here
to the house...
on the day that
Elizabeth Gaines was shot
and Tom Walker died...
Carrie said some...
some crazy things
to Dana and to you.
[sighs]
She said things about
what I was going to do.
Don't. Not now.
[cries]
For the longest time,
all I wanted was for you
to tell me the truth.
I wanted to know it all.
I don't have to know anymore.
I just don't want to.
Carrie knows, right?
She knows everything about you.
She accepts it.
[voice breaking]
You must love her a lot.
What will we
tell the kids?
[sighs]
Nothing they don't already know.
[crickets chirping]
[door closes]
[sighs heavily]
[doorbell rings]
[sighs]
He's dead.
I know.
Can't do any
more damage.
To anyone.
What I did
to get Nazir to let you go...
It was you or Walden, Carrie.
It wasn't even close.
[door closes]
[sighs]